I’ll have my son kick you out
How interesting
Someone dares to say
They’ll kick me out of my own house
You shameless bitch
You haven’t even stepped through the door
And you dare say this is your house?
Look carefully
This villa
These servants
Are all the property
Of my son
You have no share
Lǐ Mù
Throw them out for me
Don’t disturb the young master’s rest
Yes
I’m not leaving, I’m not going anywhere
Why is my life so miserable?
After all the hardship to reunite with my son
This vicious
Scheming woman is driving me away
If I’d known it would end like this
What’s the point of living?
I’d rather die
Honey, don’t!
Enough
Why are you down here?
Didn’t the doctor tell you to rest?
I’m fine
Let’s go over there